---
layout: post
title: illness
date: 2015-04-27
---

Hello, world!

I have been thinking of the chronically ill and ailing elderly because it has gradually struck me how much I feel like I've been in their shoes for just the past few days. The repeated drugstore trips, the daytime and night-time visits to the medical center, the fever and its resultant effects (extreme weakness, chill, sweat, confusion, lack of appetite, confusion, disorientation, light-headedness, dizziness), plus the labored coughing. Sputum, expectorant, rejoice!

I'm so rarely ill that the fact that I'd probably been carrying a fever for a couple days took me by surprise. I'd even gone to work on Friday, getting by with extra-strength Tylenol dosages that wouldn't even tide me over for the 6-hour intervals it promised. The coughing tiptoed in on Thursday and wasn't addressed until yesterday, Saturday. We took my temperature yesterday morning and the thermometer read 105 degrees Fahrenheit. I tried staying in bed and somehow still didn't think it necessary to see a doctor - this is a rather high temperature, right?

As my temperature lowered and then returned to nearly as high, and as I began reading OTC labels and Mayo Clinic pages more closely, I realized I needed to see someone. We drove to East Pasadena to go to urgent care. The sight of the high San Gabriel Mountains with its clusters of clouds, mist, fog, some thick, some wispy - still breath-taking, beautiful, and awe-inspiring, especially thanks to the small amounts of rain we'd had yesterday afternoon. The rain pounds down air pollutants and makes the sky and air clearer in its wake. The entire urgent care visit took a few hours as expected, but we left with the relief of knowing what I had and what to do.

I'd messaged my dad yesterday to mention that I had a fever. This morning I woke to a couple of e-mails from my mom that were admonish-y, chastise-y.

"怎麼妳老是感冒？！要注意睡眠，多吃VIT C"... In the scheme of things, I don't think I actually get sick that often (maybe once a year or less, and as mentioned before, I didn't even realize I was having a fever because I didn't recognize the symptoms!)...

Well, she is right. Sickness does no one any good, and I'm racking my brain to understand what brought on my fever and bronchitis.

I spoke to my dad for a few minutes this afternoon and he casually asked me what symptoms I was still experiencing and rattled off where I was in the illness-recovery process. "Oh, bronchitis. Runny nose, no runny nose? It can escalate really quickly to pneumonia, be careful. You'll want to drink, drink, drink lots of fluids and eat soft foods - jello, pudding..." (even in his stream of English, he pronounced it more like 布丁, bu ding)

It was so reassuring to hear his ready response over the phone; I knew I had gotten what I'd called for. Growing up, my parents would say again and again (like a mantra), "Medical background is very useful; even basic medical knowledge is very important; most Americans don't seem to have this."

This seems to have come full circle for me - I'm not sure if I've realized before just how right they are. I've lots to consider now as I go through [Covered CA](http://coveredca.org) and contemplate whether I stick with my current insurer or not. God willing - this won't happen again so soon.

[Nina Simone - *I wish I knew how it would feel to be free*](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aI-ezEtJ_-s)